all right let me try this one more time
happy new year youtube I just this is
moose again just doing it update on on
my arm and all after the surgery and you
can see they they reattached it though
they've done a life of scopic sergio if
you can see it with the quantity of the
camera but they had a small incision
here and then they reattached it up here
you can see my other one that they did
was it like was copy so it was a very
large scar but uh well as you can also
see first of the year i'm in a muscle
shirt shorts barefooted i live in
florida so it's kind of a steamy before
front afternoon I don't want to hear too
much fuss in any way about the the warm
weather I know a lot of people are
suffering right now kind of glad it's
it's my code out here but I do have to
rake leaves so I've been raking the
leaves this morning bday I just do an
update I still can't lift any weights
they got it reattached I got another
month they're supposed to give me on
this thing so that they want to make
sure that it's grown back to the bone so
it'll be the end of the month forget to
to lift weights trying to get back into
training now they're in the process of
the two months I've been out I picked up
about Oh 10 what about 10 12 pounds
extra the only thing with the extra
weight is a lost an inch and a half on
both my arms sizes I'm getting a lot of
loose skin and also it's all kind of
it's all kind of drooping a bit
hopefully once I get to exercise an old
again and once I get to do my workout
called it uh it should swell up pretty
quick but uh it's kind of hard not being
able to do anything special it serves
Thanksgiving and Christmas you know you
get all those goodies at all and you
just can't work them off so but I
appreciate the ones that's checked in
with me that give me the good mail and
all that interested in a minute any and
all I just appreciate everybody's a good
comments and hold and I thank you for
your support I talk to you again soon
but